Dandelion the bard decided to throw a birthday party for Geralt. He planned to invited all of
Geralt's closest friends. Well, "friends", maybe. Geralt is kind of a loner. He spends
more time killing monsters then spending time at parties. Anyway, Dandelion got all of the
best food and wine he could find and then starting sending out invitations.

He decided to start by inviting Yennfer. "They were joined by fate using a wish from a genie,
so she's sure to turn up," thought Dandelion. He sent her a letter and a month later received
the following response:

	Not a chance in hell. The last time I saw him, Geralt cost me 500 crowns in a bet with a
	pig farmer and if I see him again, I may have to teleport him to the bottom of the sea.
	If you see him in the meantime, tell him I hope he dies at the hands of those dragons
	he's so fond of dealing with. I'll be in Oxfurt researching the aging effects of pixie skin.

"Well, that was disappointing. Yennefer is kind of mean when she's busy. Not to worry!
I'm sure Triss will be willing to visit for Geralt's birthday. She's kind of obsessed with him
...in a creepy way." Dandelion said to himself. He threw Yennefer's letter into the fireplace
and sat down to write an invitation to Triss. Once he was finished, he mailed it via a friendly
dwarf who worked down at the post office. After a week or so, he received a letter in return:

	Sorry Dandelion. I can't really afford it. I've got to get out there and really wring
	the wallets of these snobs in the capital. You wouldn't believe the kind of stupid
	stuff nobles will do to try to lift a curse on their children. It's a goldmine!

"Probably better off anyway," Dandelion decided. "I'm sure the wine will be safer to drink without her.
Next is Vesemir, Geralt's teacher. I'm worried that he might forget about Geralt's birthday,
so I'm going to send this invitation extra early. He's definitely got problems with his memory
these days." Dandelion wrote a nice, long letter for Vesemir and sent it to him.

